---
layout: post
tags:
  - forest
  - burning
  - poo head
title: Climate Justice and other Things we Don't Give a Shit About
categories: ''
background: "/assets/media/al8a0460.jpg"
---
Drax are world leading in many areas, from being the biggest burner of
wood in the world to winning Green Washer of the Year time and time again.

Recently, as part of a new initiative to personally anger anyone who has tried
to articulate the dire situation we find ourselves in, Drax have decided to start
talking about the **Climate Crisis** as if we actually care.

Here are some other examples...

## Indigenous Rights

If we say enough that we work with local and indigenous people in the areas we
steal forests from, and put it in **REALLY BIG LETTERS** then of we can do whatever
we fucking what with ancient, sacred forests.

## Climate Justice

You know, that concept of power being taken from multi billion $ companies and
corrupt governments and giving it back to people most effected by the breaking
climate.

So, as a $2.9bn company, climate justice is _really_ important to us (see what we
did there with italics: we must really mean it). Climate justice will only come
BECCS. fActS.

## Just transition

That thing where you provide actually reliable jobs for the future.

Obviously if we say our jobs are reliable no one will notice we make huge losses
and rely of huge subsidies. So yeah we have loads of jobs... for at least a year.

What could possibly be unjust and unreliable about providing jobs in a ridiculous
tree burning industry that can't possibly survive the coming revolution?

---

Anything to add? Any comments? Please don't try to contact us on twitter
@drax_group
